# WebSecureScout-Analyzer

WebSecureScout Analyzer is a Python and Jupyter-based tool designed to analyze the data generated by WebSecureScout project. This tool will create CSV files containing the analysis results, which can be imported into Excel to generate graphs. In addition to CSV files, the tool will also generate text files containing interpretations of the analysis, which can be used to create reports in Overleaf.

## Usage

+ Clone the WebSecureScout Analyzer repository from Github.
+ Install the required dependencies by running "pip install -r requirements.txt".
+ Copy the CSV files generated by WebSecureScout project into the "data" folder.
+ Open the notebook referring to the analysis you want to perform, such as "security_layer.ipynb", using Jupyter.
+ Run the notebook to generate CSV files and text files with analysis results and interpretations.

Note: Please make sure to follow the instructions carefully to ensure the correct functioning of the tool. And keep in mind that this analyzer only works with data coming from [WebSecureScout](https://github.com/jacksonbarreto/WebSecureScout).

## Contributing

If you find any bugs or have any suggestions for improving the tool, please feel free to contribute by creating a pull request or opening an issue in the Github repository.

## License

This tool is licensed under the MIT License. Please see the LICENSE file for more details.

## Acknowledgments

We would like to acknowledge the support of the Norte Portugal Regional Operational Programme (NORTE 2020), under the PORTUGAL 2020 Partnership Agreement, through the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), within the project "Cybers SeC IP" (NORTE-01-0145-FEDER-000044). This study was also developed as part of the Master in Cybersecurity Program at the Instituto Politécnico de Viana do Castelo, Portugal.



